docs(getting started): simplify (#20900)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/getting-started/use-cases.md

### Custom dependency extraction

Renovate supports 60+ types of package files.

> Only some dependencies are found by default, this can be because:

Author: ```suggestion
By default, Renovate finds most dependencies, but there are exceptions.
This can be because:
```

I'm not sure what wording is best here:

- The current wording
- The wording in the suggestion

I like that the suggestion shows that often it "just works". Let me know what you like best. 😉
